Allow sending JsonRpcRequests through wallet api (#46)
Concordium/concordium-browser-wallet: packages/browser-wallet-api-helpers/README.md

let selectedAccountAddress: string | undefined = undefined;
provider.addChangeAccountListener((address) => (selectedAccountAddress = address));
```

## Accessing node through JSON-RPC

> The wallet api exposes access to a JSON-RPC client. This allows a dApp to communicate with a node using JSON-RPC without knowing a server itself. The client can be accessed using the `node` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wallet API exposes access to a JSON-RPC client. This allows a dApp to communicate with the same node as the wallet is connected to, and enables dApps to access the JSON-RPC interface without being connected to a separate server itself. The client is accessed as shown in the example below.
```

```typescript
const provider = await detectConcordiumProvider();

> const accountInfo = await provider.node.getAccountInfo(accountAddress);

Reviewer: Accessing a class field directly seems a bit yucky. Perhaps it should be:
```
const accountInfo = await provider.getJsonRpcClient().getAccountInfo(accountAddress);
```

// Connect to an account in the wallet again triggered elsewhere in the dApp.
provider.connect().then((accountAddress) => (selectedAccountAddress = accountAddress));
```

## Accessing node through JSON-RPC

The wallet API exposes access to a JSON-RPC client. This allows a dApp to communicate with the same node as the wallet is connected to, and enables dApps to access the JSON-RPC interface without being connected to a separate server itself. The client is accessed as shown in the example below.

```typescript
const provider = await detectConcordiumProvider();

> const accountInfo = await provider.getJsonRpcClient().getAccountInfo(accountAddress);

Reviewer: I think the example should show how to get the client, and then it should also state that the client will be outdated if the network changes.

// Connect to an account in the wallet again triggered elsewhere in the dApp.
provider.connect().then((accountAddress) => (selectedAccountAddress = accountAddress));
```

## Accessing node through JSON-RPC

The wallet API exposes access to a JSON-RPC client. This allows a dApp to communicate with the same node as the wallet is connected to, and enables dApps to access the JSON-RPC interface without being connected to a separate server itself. The client is accessed as shown in the example below.
The dApp does not need to recreate the client again when the wallet changes node or network, the client will always use the wallet's current connected JSON-RPC server.

> If you have not connected with the wallet (or previously been whitelisted) or if the user rejects signing the transaction, the commands will not be executed and the method will throw an error.

Reviewer: If the user rejects signing the transactions? That does not seem relevant here.

Author: Yes, it is not. Removed it.
